crsuser@crsuser-virtual-machine:~$ sudo bpftrace -vl 'tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_*'
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_accept
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct sockaddr * upeer_sockaddr
    int * upeer_addrlen
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_accept4
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct sockaddr * upeer_sockaddr
    int * upeer_addrlen
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_access
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    int mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_acct
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * name
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_add_key
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * _type
    const char * _description
    const void * _payload
    size_t plen
    key_serial_t ringid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_adjtimex
    int __syscall_nr
    struct __kernel_timex * txc_p
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_alarm
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int seconds
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_arch_prctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int option
    unsigned long arg2
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_bind
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct sockaddr * umyaddr
    int addrlen
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_bpf
    int __syscall_nr
    int cmd
    union bpf_attr * uattr
    unsigned int size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_brk
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long brk
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_cachestat
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    struct cachestat_range * cstat_range
    struct cachestat * cstat
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_capget
    int __syscall_nr
    cap_user_header_t header
    cap_user_data_t dataptr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_capset
    int __syscall_nr
    cap_user_header_t header
    const cap_user_data_t data
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_chdir
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_chmod
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_chown
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    uid_t user
    gid_t group
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_chroot
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clock_adjtime
    int __syscall_nr
    const clockid_t which_clock
    struct __kernel_timex * utx
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clock_getres
    int __syscall_nr
    const clockid_t which_clock
    struct __kernel_timespec * tp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clock_gettime
    int __syscall_nr
    const clockid_t which_clock
    struct __kernel_timespec * tp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clock_nanosleep
    int __syscall_nr
    const clockid_t which_clock
    int flags
    const struct __kernel_timespec * rqtp
    struct __kernel_timespec * rmtp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clock_settime
    int __syscall_nr
    const clockid_t which_clock
    const struct __kernel_timespec * tp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clone
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long clone_flags
    unsigned long newsp
    int * parent_tidptr
    int * child_tidptr
    unsigned long tls
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_clone3
    int __syscall_nr
    struct clone_args * uargs
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_close
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_close_range
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    unsigned int max_fd
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_connect
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct sockaddr * uservaddr
    int addrlen
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_copy_file_range
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd_in
    loff_t * off_in
    int fd_out
    loff_t * off_out
    size_t len
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_creat
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_delete_module
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * name_user
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_dup
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fildes
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_dup2
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int oldfd
    unsigned int newfd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_dup3
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int oldfd
    unsigned int newfd
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_epoll_create
    int __syscall_nr
    int size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_epoll_create1
    int __syscall_nr
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_epoll_ctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int epfd
    int op
    int fd
    struct epoll_event * event
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_epoll_pwait
    int __syscall_nr
    int epfd
    struct epoll_event * events
    int maxevents
    int timeout
    const sigset_t * sigmask
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_epoll_pwait2
    int __syscall_nr
    int epfd
    struct epoll_event * events
    int maxevents
    const struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
    const sigset_t * sigmask
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_epoll_wait
    int __syscall_nr
    int epfd
    struct epoll_event * events
    int maxevents
    int timeout
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_eventfd
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_eventfd2
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int count
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_execve
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    const char *const * argv
    const char *const * envp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_execveat
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const char * filename
    const char *const * argv
    const char *const * envp
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_exit
    int __syscall_nr
    int error_code
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_exit_group
    int __syscall_nr
    int error_code
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_faccessat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    int mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_faccessat2
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    int mode
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fadvise64
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    loff_t offset
    size_t len
    int advice
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fallocate
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    int mode
    loff_t offset
    loff_t len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fanotify_init
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int flags
    unsigned int event_f_flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fanotify_mark
    int __syscall_nr
    int fanotify_fd
    unsigned int flags
    __u64 mask
    int dfd
    const char * pathname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fchdir
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fchmod
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fchmodat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fchmodat2
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    umode_t mode
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fchown
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    uid_t user
    gid_t group
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fchownat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    uid_t user
    gid_t group
    int flag
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fcntl
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    unsigned int cmd
    unsigned long arg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fdatasync
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fgetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const char * name
    void * value
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_finit_module
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const char * uargs
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_flistxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    char * list
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_flock
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    unsigned int cmd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fork
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fremovexattr
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const char * name
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fsconfig
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    unsigned int cmd
    const char * _key
    const void * _value
    int aux
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fsetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const char * name
    const void * value
    size_t size
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fsmount
    int __syscall_nr
    int fs_fd
    unsigned int flags
    unsigned int attr_flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fsopen
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * _fs_name
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fspick
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * path
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fstatfs
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    struct statfs * buf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_fsync
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ftruncate
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    off_t length
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futex
    int __syscall_nr
    u32 * uaddr
    int op
    u32 val
    const struct __kernel_timespec * utime
    u32 * uaddr2
    u32 val3
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futex_requeue
    int __syscall_nr
    struct futex_waitv * waiters
    unsigned int flags
    int nr_wake
    int nr_requeue
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futex_wait
    int __syscall_nr
    void * uaddr
    unsigned long val
    unsigned long mask
    unsigned int flags
    struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
    clockid_t clockid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futex_waitv
    int __syscall_nr
    struct futex_waitv * waiters
    unsigned int nr_futexes
    unsigned int flags
    struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
    clockid_t clockid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futex_wake
    int __syscall_nr
    void * uaddr
    unsigned long mask
    int nr
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futimesat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    struct __kernel_old_timeval * utimes
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_get_mempolicy
    int __syscall_nr
    int * policy
    unsigned long * nmask
    unsigned long maxnode
    unsigned long addr
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_get_robust_list
    int __syscall_nr
    int pid
    struct robust_list_head * * head_ptr
    size_t * len_ptr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getcpu
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned * cpup
    unsigned * nodep
    struct getcpu_cache * unused
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getcwd
    int __syscall_nr
    char * buf
    unsigned long size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getdents
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    struct linux_dirent * dirent
    unsigned int count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getdents64
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    struct linux_dirent64 * dirent
    unsigned int count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getegid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_geteuid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getgid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getgroups
    int __syscall_nr
    int gidsetsize
    gid_t * grouplist
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getitimer
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    struct __kernel_old_itimerval * value
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getpeername
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct sockaddr * usockaddr
    int * usockaddr_len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getpgid
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getpgrp
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getpid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getppid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getpriority
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    int who
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getrandom
    int __syscall_nr
    char * ubuf
    size_t len
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getresgid
    int __syscall_nr
    gid_t * rgidp
    gid_t * egidp
    gid_t * sgidp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getresuid
    int __syscall_nr
    uid_t * ruidp
    uid_t * euidp
    uid_t * suidp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getrlimit
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int resource
    struct rlimit * rlim
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getrusage
    int __syscall_nr
    int who
    struct rusage * ru
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getsid
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getsockname
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct sockaddr * usockaddr
    int * usockaddr_len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getsockopt
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    int level
    int optname
    char * optval
    int * optlen
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_gettid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_gettimeofday
    int __syscall_nr
    struct __kernel_old_timeval * tv
    struct timezone * tz
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getuid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    const char * name
    void * value
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_init_module
    int __syscall_nr
    void * umod
    unsigned long len
    const char * uargs
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_inotify_add_watch
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const char * pathname
    u32 mask
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_inotify_init
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_inotify_init1
    int __syscall_nr
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_inotify_rm_watch
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    __s32 wd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_cancel
    int __syscall_nr
    aio_context_t ctx_id
    struct iocb * iocb
    struct io_event * result
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_destroy
    int __syscall_nr
    aio_context_t ctx
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_getevents
    int __syscall_nr
    aio_context_t ctx_id
    long min_nr
    long nr
    struct io_event * events
    struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_pgetevents
    int __syscall_nr
    aio_context_t ctx_id
    long min_nr
    long nr
    struct io_event * events
    struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
    const struct __aio_sigset * usig
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_setup
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned nr_events
    aio_context_t * ctxp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_submit
    int __syscall_nr
    aio_context_t ctx_id
    long nr
    struct iocb * * iocbpp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_uring_enter
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    u32 to_submit
    u32 min_complete
    u32 flags
    const void * argp
    size_t argsz
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_uring_register
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    unsigned int opcode
    void * arg
    unsigned int nr_args
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_io_uring_setup
    int __syscall_nr
    u32 entries
    struct io_uring_params * params
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ioctl
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    unsigned int cmd
    unsigned long arg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ioperm
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long from
    unsigned long num
    int turn_on
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_iopl
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int level
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ioprio_get
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    int who
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ioprio_set
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    int who
    int ioprio
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_kcmp
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid1
    pid_t pid2
    int type
    unsigned long idx1
    unsigned long idx2
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_kexec_file_load
    int __syscall_nr
    int kernel_fd
    int initrd_fd
    unsigned long cmdline_len
    const char * cmdline_ptr
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_kexec_load
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long entry
    unsigned long nr_segments
    struct kexec_segment * segments
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_keyctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int option
    unsigned long arg2
    unsigned long arg3
    unsigned long arg4
    unsigned long arg5
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_kill
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    int sig
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_landlock_add_rule
    int __syscall_nr
    const int ruleset_fd
    const enum landlock_rule_type rule_type
    const void *const rule_attr
    const __u32 flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_landlock_create_ruleset
    int __syscall_nr
    const struct landlock_ruleset_attr *const attr
    const size_t size
    const __u32 flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_landlock_restrict_self
    int __syscall_nr
    const int ruleset_fd
    const __u32 flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lchown
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    uid_t user
    gid_t group
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lgetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    const char * name
    void * value
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_link
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * oldname
    const char * newname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_linkat
    int __syscall_nr
    int olddfd
    const char * oldname
    int newdfd
    const char * newname
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_listen
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    int backlog
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_listmount
    int __syscall_nr
    const struct mnt_id_req * req
    u64 * mnt_ids
    size_t nr_mnt_ids
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_listxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    char * list
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_llistxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    char * list
    size_t size
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lremovexattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    const char * name
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lseek
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    off_t offset
    unsigned int whence
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lsetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    const char * name
    const void * value
    size_t size
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lsm_get_self_attr
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int attr
    struct lsm_ctx * ctx
    u32 * size
    u32 flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lsm_list_modules
    int __syscall_nr
    u64 * ids
    u32 * size
    u32 flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_lsm_set_self_attr
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int attr
    struct lsm_ctx * ctx
    u32 size
    u32 flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_madvise
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len_in
    int behavior
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_map_shadow_stack
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long addr
    unsigned long size
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mbind
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    unsigned long len
    unsigned long mode
    const unsigned long * nmask
    unsigned long maxnode
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_membarrier
    int __syscall_nr
    int cmd
    unsigned int flags
    int cpu_id
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_memfd_create
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * uname
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_memfd_secret
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_migrate_pages
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    unsigned long maxnode
    const unsigned long * old_nodes
    const unsigned long * new_nodes
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mincore
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
    unsigned char * vec
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mkdir
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mkdirat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * pathname
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mknod
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    umode_t mode
    unsigned dev
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mknodat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    umode_t mode
    unsigned int dev
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mlock
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mlock2
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mlockall
    int __syscall_nr
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mmap
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long addr
    unsigned long len
    unsigned long prot
    unsigned long flags
    unsigned long fd
    unsigned long off
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_modify_ldt
    int __syscall_nr
    int func
    void * ptr
    unsigned long bytecount
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mount
    int __syscall_nr
    char * dev_name
    char * dir_name
    char * type
    unsigned long flags
    void * data
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mount_setattr
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * path
    unsigned int flags
    struct mount_attr * uattr
    size_t usize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_move_mount
    int __syscall_nr
    int from_dfd
    const char * from_pathname
    int to_dfd
    const char * to_pathname
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_move_pages
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    unsigned long nr_pages
    const void * * pages
    const int * nodes
    int * status
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mprotect
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
    unsigned long prot
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mq_getsetattr
    int __syscall_nr
    mqd_t mqdes
    const struct mq_attr * u_mqstat
    struct mq_attr * u_omqstat
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mq_notify
    int __syscall_nr
    mqd_t mqdes
    const struct sigevent * u_notification
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mq_open
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * u_name
    int oflag
    umode_t mode
    struct mq_attr * u_attr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mq_timedreceive
    int __syscall_nr
    mqd_t mqdes
    char * u_msg_ptr
    size_t msg_len
    unsigned int * u_msg_prio
    const struct __kernel_timespec * u_abs_timeout
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mq_timedsend
    int __syscall_nr
    mqd_t mqdes
    const char * u_msg_ptr
    size_t msg_len
    unsigned int msg_prio
    const struct __kernel_timespec * u_abs_timeout
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mq_unlink
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * u_name
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_mremap
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long addr
    unsigned long old_len
    unsigned long new_len
    unsigned long flags
    unsigned long new_addr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_msgctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int msqid
    int cmd
    struct msqid_ds * buf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_msgget
    int __syscall_nr
    key_t key
    int msgflg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_msgrcv
    int __syscall_nr
    int msqid
    struct msgbuf * msgp
    size_t msgsz
    long msgtyp
    int msgflg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_msgsnd
    int __syscall_nr
    int msqid
    struct msgbuf * msgp
    size_t msgsz
    int msgflg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_msync
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_munlock
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_munlockall
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_munmap
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long addr
    size_t len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_name_to_handle_at
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * name
    struct file_handle * handle
    int * mnt_id
    int flag
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_nanosleep
    int __syscall_nr
    struct __kernel_timespec * rqtp
    struct __kernel_timespec * rmtp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_newfstat
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    struct stat * statbuf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_newfstatat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    struct stat * statbuf
    int flag
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_newlstat
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    struct stat * statbuf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_newstat
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    struct stat * statbuf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_newuname
    int __syscall_nr
    struct new_utsname * name
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_open
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * filename
    int flags
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_open_by_handle_at
    int __syscall_nr
    int mountdirfd
    struct file_handle * handle
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_open_tree
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    unsigned flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_openat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    int flags
    umode_t mode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_openat2
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    struct open_how * how
    size_t usize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pause
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_perf_event_open
    int __syscall_nr
    struct perf_event_attr * attr_uptr
    pid_t pid
    int cpu
    int group_fd
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_personality
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int personality
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pidfd_getfd
    int __syscall_nr
    int pidfd
    int fd
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pidfd_open
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pidfd_send_signal
    int __syscall_nr
    int pidfd
    int sig
    siginfo_t * info
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pipe
    int __syscall_nr
    int * fildes
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pipe2
    int __syscall_nr
    int * fildes
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pivot_root
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * new_root
    const char * put_old
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pkey_alloc
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long flags
    unsigned long init_val
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pkey_free
    int __syscall_nr
    int pkey
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pkey_mprotect
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    size_t len
    unsigned long prot
    int pkey
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_poll
    int __syscall_nr
    struct pollfd * ufds
    unsigned int nfds
    int timeout_msecs
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ppoll
    int __syscall_nr
    struct pollfd * ufds
    unsigned int nfds
    struct __kernel_timespec * tsp
    const sigset_t * sigmask
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_prctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int option
    unsigned long arg2
    unsigned long arg3
    unsigned long arg4
    unsigned long arg5
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pread64
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    char * buf
    size_t count
    loff_t pos
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_preadv
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long fd
    const struct iovec * vec
    unsigned long vlen
    unsigned long pos_l
    unsigned long pos_h
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_preadv2
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long fd
    const struct iovec * vec
    unsigned long vlen
    unsigned long pos_l
    unsigned long pos_h
    rwf_t flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_prlimit64
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    unsigned int resource
    const struct rlimit64 * new_rlim
    struct rlimit64 * old_rlim
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_process_madvise
    int __syscall_nr
    int pidfd
    const struct iovec * vec
    size_t vlen
    int behavior
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_process_mrelease
    int __syscall_nr
    int pidfd
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_process_vm_readv
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    const struct iovec * lvec
    unsigned long liovcnt
    const struct iovec * rvec
    unsigned long riovcnt
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_process_vm_writev
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    const struct iovec * lvec
    unsigned long liovcnt
    const struct iovec * rvec
    unsigned long riovcnt
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pselect6
    int __syscall_nr
    int n
    fd_set * inp
    fd_set * outp
    fd_set * exp
    struct __kernel_timespec * tsp
    void * sig
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ptrace
    int __syscall_nr
    long request
    long pid
    unsigned long addr
    unsigned long data
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pwrite64
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    const char * buf
    size_t count
    loff_t pos
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pwritev
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long fd
    const struct iovec * vec
    unsigned long vlen
    unsigned long pos_l
    unsigned long pos_h
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_pwritev2
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long fd
    const struct iovec * vec
    unsigned long vlen
    unsigned long pos_l
    unsigned long pos_h
    rwf_t flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_quotactl
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int cmd
    const char * special
    qid_t id
    void * addr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_quotactl_fd
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    unsigned int cmd
    qid_t id
    void * addr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_read
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    char * buf
    size_t count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_readahead
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    loff_t offset
    size_t count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_readlink
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * path
    char * buf
    int bufsiz
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_readlinkat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * pathname
    char * buf
    int bufsiz
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_readv
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long fd
    const struct iovec * vec
    unsigned long vlen
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_reboot
    int __syscall_nr
    int magic1
    int magic2
    unsigned int cmd
    void * arg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_recvfrom
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    void * ubuf
    size_t size
    unsigned int flags
    struct sockaddr * addr
    int * addr_len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_recvmmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct mmsghdr * mmsg
    unsigned int vlen
    unsigned int flags
    struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_recvmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct user_msghdr * msg
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_remap_file_pages
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    unsigned long size
    unsigned long prot
    unsigned long pgoff
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_removexattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    const char * name
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rename
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * oldname
    const char * newname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_renameat
    int __syscall_nr
    int olddfd
    const char * oldname
    int newdfd
    const char * newname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_renameat2
    int __syscall_nr
    int olddfd
    const char * oldname
    int newdfd
    const char * newname
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_request_key
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * _type
    const char * _description
    const char * _callout_info
    key_serial_t destringid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_restart_syscall
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rmdir
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rseq
    int __syscall_nr
    struct rseq * rseq
    u32 rseq_len
    int flags
    u32 sig
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigaction
    int __syscall_nr
    int sig
    const struct sigaction * act
    struct sigaction * oact
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigpending
    int __syscall_nr
    sigset_t * uset
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigprocmask
    int __syscall_nr
    int how
    sigset_t * nset
    sigset_t * oset
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigqueueinfo
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    int sig
    siginfo_t * uinfo
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigreturn
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigsuspend
    int __syscall_nr
    sigset_t * unewset
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_sigtimedwait
    int __syscall_nr
    const sigset_t * uthese
    siginfo_t * uinfo
    const struct __kernel_timespec * uts
    size_t sigsetsize
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_rt_tgsigqueueinfo
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t tgid
    pid_t pid
    int sig
    siginfo_t * uinfo
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_get_priority_max
    int __syscall_nr
    int policy
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_get_priority_min
    int __syscall_nr
    int policy
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_getaffinity
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    unsigned int len
    unsigned long * user_mask_ptr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_getattr
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    struct sched_attr * uattr
    unsigned int usize
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_getparam
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    struct sched_param * param
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_getscheduler
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_rr_get_interval
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    struct __kernel_timespec * interval
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_setaffinity
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    unsigned int len
    unsigned long * user_mask_ptr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_setattr
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    struct sched_attr * uattr
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_setparam
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    struct sched_param * param
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_setscheduler
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    int policy
    struct sched_param * param
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sched_yield
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_seccomp
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int op
    unsigned int flags
    void * uargs
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_select
    int __syscall_nr
    int n
    fd_set * inp
    fd_set * outp
    fd_set * exp
    struct __kernel_old_timeval * tvp
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_semctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int semid
    int semnum
    int cmd
    unsigned long arg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_semget
    int __syscall_nr
    key_t key
    int nsems
    int semflg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_semop
    int __syscall_nr
    int semid
    struct sembuf * tsops
    unsigned nsops
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_semtimedop
    int __syscall_nr
    int semid
    struct sembuf * tsops
    unsigned int nsops
    const struct __kernel_timespec * timeout
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sendfile64
    int __syscall_nr
    int out_fd
    int in_fd
    loff_t * offset
    size_t count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sendmmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct mmsghdr * mmsg
    unsigned int vlen
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sendmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    struct user_msghdr * msg
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sendto
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    void * buff
    size_t len
    unsigned int flags
    struct sockaddr * addr
    int addr_len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_set_mempolicy
    int __syscall_nr
    int mode
    const unsigned long * nmask
    unsigned long maxnode
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_set_mempolicy_home_node
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long start
    unsigned long len
    unsigned long home_node
    unsigned long flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_set_robust_list
    int __syscall_nr
    struct robust_list_head * head
    size_t len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_set_tid_address
    int __syscall_nr
    int * tidptr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setdomainname
    int __syscall_nr
    char * name
    int len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setfsgid
    int __syscall_nr
    gid_t gid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setfsuid
    int __syscall_nr
    uid_t uid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setgid
    int __syscall_nr
    gid_t gid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setgroups
    int __syscall_nr
    int gidsetsize
    gid_t * grouplist
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sethostname
    int __syscall_nr
    char * name
    int len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setitimer
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    struct __kernel_old_itimerval * value
    struct __kernel_old_itimerval * ovalue
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setns
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setpgid
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    pid_t pgid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setpriority
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    int who
    int niceval
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setregid
    int __syscall_nr
    gid_t rgid
    gid_t egid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setresgid
    int __syscall_nr
    gid_t rgid
    gid_t egid
    gid_t sgid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setresuid
    int __syscall_nr
    uid_t ruid
    uid_t euid
    uid_t suid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setreuid
    int __syscall_nr
    uid_t ruid
    uid_t euid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setrlimit
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int resource
    struct rlimit * rlim
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setsid
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setsockopt
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    int level
    int optname
    char * optval
    int optlen
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_settimeofday
    int __syscall_nr
    struct __kernel_old_timeval * tv
    struct timezone * tz
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setuid
    int __syscall_nr
    uid_t uid
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_setxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    const char * name
    const void * value
    size_t size
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_shmat
    int __syscall_nr
    int shmid
    char * shmaddr
    int shmflg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_shmctl
    int __syscall_nr
    int shmid
    int cmd
    struct shmid_ds * buf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_shmdt
    int __syscall_nr
    char * shmaddr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_shmget
    int __syscall_nr
    key_t key
    size_t size
    int shmflg
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_shutdown
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    int how
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sigaltstack
    int __syscall_nr
    const stack_t * uss
    stack_t * uoss
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_signalfd
    int __syscall_nr
    int ufd
    sigset_t * user_mask
    size_t sizemask
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_signalfd4
    int __syscall_nr
    int ufd
    sigset_t * user_mask
    size_t sizemask
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_socket
    int __syscall_nr
    int family
    int type
    int protocol
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_socketpair
    int __syscall_nr
    int family
    int type
    int protocol
    int * usockvec
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_splice
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd_in
    loff_t * off_in
    int fd_out
    loff_t * off_out
    size_t len
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_statfs
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
    struct statfs * buf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_statmount
    int __syscall_nr
    const struct mnt_id_req * req
    struct statmount * buf
    size_t bufsize
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_statx
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    unsigned flags
    unsigned int mask
    struct statx * buffer
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_swapoff
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * specialfile
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_swapon
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * specialfile
    int swap_flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_symlink
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * oldname
    const char * newname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_symlinkat
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * oldname
    int newdfd
    const char * newname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sync
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sync_file_range
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    loff_t offset
    loff_t nbytes
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_syncfs
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sysfs
    int __syscall_nr
    int option
    unsigned long arg1
    unsigned long arg2
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_sysinfo
    int __syscall_nr
    struct sysinfo * info
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_syslog
    int __syscall_nr
    int type
    char * buf
    int len
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_tee
    int __syscall_nr
    int fdin
    int fdout
    size_t len
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_tgkill
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t tgid
    pid_t pid
    int sig
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_time
    int __syscall_nr
    __kernel_old_time_t * tloc
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timer_create
    int __syscall_nr
    const clockid_t which_clock
    struct sigevent * timer_event_spec
    timer_t * created_timer_id
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timer_delete
    int __syscall_nr
    timer_t timer_id
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timer_getoverrun
    int __syscall_nr
    timer_t timer_id
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timer_gettime
    int __syscall_nr
    timer_t timer_id
    struct __kernel_itimerspec * setting
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timer_settime
    int __syscall_nr
    timer_t timer_id
    int flags
    const struct __kernel_itimerspec * new_setting
    struct __kernel_itimerspec * old_setting
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timerfd_create
    int __syscall_nr
    int clockid
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timerfd_gettime
    int __syscall_nr
    int ufd
    struct __kernel_itimerspec * otmr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_timerfd_settime
    int __syscall_nr
    int ufd
    int flags
    const struct __kernel_itimerspec * utmr
    struct __kernel_itimerspec * otmr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_times
    int __syscall_nr
    struct tms * tbuf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_tkill
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t pid
    int sig
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_truncate
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * path
    long length
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_umask
    int __syscall_nr
    int mask
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_umount
    int __syscall_nr
    char * name
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_unlink
    int __syscall_nr
    const char * pathname
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_unlinkat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * pathname
    int flag
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_unshare
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long unshare_flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_userfaultfd
    int __syscall_nr
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_ustat
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned dev
    struct ustat * ubuf
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_utime
    int __syscall_nr
    char * filename
    struct utimbuf * times
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_utimensat
    int __syscall_nr
    int dfd
    const char * filename
    struct __kernel_timespec * utimes
    int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_utimes
    int __syscall_nr
    char * filename
    struct __kernel_old_timeval * utimes
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_vfork
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_vhangup
    int __syscall_nr
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_vmsplice
    int __syscall_nr
    int fd
    const struct iovec * uiov
    unsigned long nr_segs
    unsigned int flags
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_wait4
    int __syscall_nr
    pid_t upid
    int * stat_addr
    int options
    struct rusage * ru
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_waitid
    int __syscall_nr
    int which
    pid_t upid
    struct siginfo * infop
    int options
    struct rusage * ru
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_write
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned int fd
    const char * buf
    size_t count
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_writev
    int __syscall_nr
    unsigned long fd
    const struct iovec * vec
    unsigned long vlen


/*      EXITS      */

tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_accept
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_accept4
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_access
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_acct
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_add_key
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_adjtimex
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_alarm
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_arch_prctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_bind
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_bpf
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_brk
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_cachestat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_capget
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_capset
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_chdir
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_chmod
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_chown
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_chroot
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clock_adjtime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clock_getres
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clock_gettime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clock_nanosleep
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clock_settime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clone
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_clone3
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_close
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_close_range
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_connect
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_copy_file_range
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_creat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_delete_module
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_dup
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_dup2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_dup3
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_epoll_create
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_epoll_create1
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_epoll_ctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_epoll_pwait
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_epoll_pwait2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_epoll_wait
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_eventfd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_eventfd2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_execve
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_execveat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_exit
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_exit_group
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_faccessat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_faccessat2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fadvise64
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fallocate
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fanotify_init
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fanotify_mark
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fchdir
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fchmod
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fchmodat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fchmodat2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fchown
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fchownat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fcntl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fdatasync
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fgetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_finit_module
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_flistxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_flock
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fork
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fremovexattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fsconfig
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fsetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fsmount
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fsopen
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fspick
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fstatfs
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_fsync
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ftruncate
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_futex
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_futex_requeue
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_futex_wait
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_futex_waitv
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_futex_wake
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_futimesat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_get_mempolicy
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_get_robust_list
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getcpu
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getcwd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getdents
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getdents64
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getegid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_geteuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getgroups
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getitimer
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getpeername
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getpgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getpgrp
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getpid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getppid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getpriority
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getrandom
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getresgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getresuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getrlimit
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getrusage
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getsid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getsockname
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getsockopt
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_gettid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_gettimeofday
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_getxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_init_module
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_inotify_add_watch
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_inotify_init
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_inotify_init1
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_inotify_rm_watch
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_cancel
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_destroy
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_getevents
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_pgetevents
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_setup
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_submit
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_uring_enter
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_uring_register
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_io_uring_setup
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ioctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ioperm
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_iopl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ioprio_get
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ioprio_set
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_kcmp
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_kexec_file_load
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_kexec_load
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_keyctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_kill
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_landlock_add_rule
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_landlock_create_ruleset
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_landlock_restrict_self
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lchown
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lgetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_link
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_linkat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_listen
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_listmount
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_listxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_llistxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lremovexattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lseek
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lsetxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lsm_get_self_attr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lsm_list_modules
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_lsm_set_self_attr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_madvise
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_map_shadow_stack
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mbind
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_membarrier
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_memfd_create
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_memfd_secret
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_migrate_pages
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mincore
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mkdir
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mkdirat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mknod
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mknodat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mlock
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mlock2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mlockall
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mmap
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_modify_ldt
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mount
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mount_setattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_move_mount
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_move_pages
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mprotect
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mq_getsetattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mq_notify
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mq_open
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mq_timedreceive
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mq_timedsend
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mq_unlink
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_mremap
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_msgctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_msgget
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_msgrcv
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_msgsnd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_msync
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_munlock
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_munlockall
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_munmap
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_name_to_handle_at
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_nanosleep
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_newfstat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_newfstatat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_newlstat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_newstat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_newuname
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_open
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_open_by_handle_at
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_open_tree
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_openat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_openat2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pause
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_perf_event_open
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_personality
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pidfd_getfd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pidfd_open
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pidfd_send_signal
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pipe
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pipe2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pivot_root
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pkey_alloc
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pkey_free
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pkey_mprotect
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_poll
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ppoll
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_prctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pread64
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_preadv
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_preadv2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_prlimit64
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_process_madvise
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_process_mrelease
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_process_vm_readv
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_process_vm_writev
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pselect6
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ptrace
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pwrite64
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pwritev
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_pwritev2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_quotactl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_quotactl_fd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_read
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_readahead
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_readlink
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_readlinkat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_readv
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_reboot
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_recvfrom
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_recvmmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_recvmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_remap_file_pages
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_removexattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rename
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_renameat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_renameat2
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_request_key
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_restart_syscall
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rmdir
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rseq
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigaction
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigpending
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigprocmask
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigqueueinfo
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigreturn
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigsuspend
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_sigtimedwait
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_rt_tgsigqueueinfo
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_get_priority_max
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_get_priority_min
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_getaffinity
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_getattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_getparam
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_getscheduler
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_rr_get_interval
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_setaffinity
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_setattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_setparam
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_setscheduler
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sched_yield
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_seccomp
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_select
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_semctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_semget
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_semop
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_semtimedop
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sendfile64
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sendmmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sendmsg
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sendto
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_set_mempolicy
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_set_mempolicy_home_node
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_set_robust_list
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_set_tid_address
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setdomainname
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setfsgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setfsuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setgroups
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sethostname
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setitimer
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setns
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setpgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setpriority
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setregid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setresgid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setresuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setreuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setrlimit
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setsid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setsockopt
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_settimeofday
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setuid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_setxattr
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_shmat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_shmctl
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_shmdt
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_shmget
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_shutdown
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sigaltstack
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_signalfd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_signalfd4
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_socket
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_socketpair
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_splice
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_statfs
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_statmount
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_statx
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_swapoff
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_swapon
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_symlink
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_symlinkat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sync
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sync_file_range
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_syncfs
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sysfs
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_sysinfo
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_syslog
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_tee
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_tgkill
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_time
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timer_create
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timer_delete
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timer_getoverrun
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timer_gettime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timer_settime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timerfd_create
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timerfd_gettime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_timerfd_settime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_times
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_tkill
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_truncate
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_umask
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_umount
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_unlink
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_unlinkat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_unshare
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_userfaultfd
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_ustat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_utime
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_utimensat
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_utimes
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_vfork
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_vhangup
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_vmsplice
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_wait4
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_waitid
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_write
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
tracepoint:syscalls:sys_exit_writev
    int __syscall_nr
    long ret
